[APIT-2738] Improve the PR template by adding Blast Radius and be more specific in checklist items (#2983)
confluentinc/cli: .github/pull_request_template.md

Check each item below to ensure high-quality CLI development practices are followed. PR approval will not be granted until the checklist is fully reviewed.
For detailed instructions, please refer to this Confluence page: https://confluentinc.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/AEGI/pages/3949592874/
-->
- [ ] I have successfully built and used a custom CLI binary, without linter issues from this PR.
- [ ] I have clearly specified in the `What` section below whether this PR applies to Confluent Cloud, Confluent Platform, or both. 

> - [ ] I have verified this PR in Confluent Cloud pre-prod/production environment, if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have verified this PR in Confluent Cloud pre-prod or production environment, if applicable.
```
Very small nitpick

- [ ] I have verified this PR in Confluent Platform on-premises environment, if applicable.
- [ ] I have attached manual CLI verification results or screenshots in the `Test & Review` section below.
- [ ] I have added appropriate CLI integration or unit tests for any new or updated commands and functionality.
- [ ] I confirm that this PR introduces no breaking changes or backward compatibility issues.

> - [ ] I have indicated the potential customer(s) impact if something goes wrong in the `Blast Radius` section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have indicated the potential customer impact if something goes wrong in the `Blast Radius` section below.
```

> - [ ] I have put checkmark below about the feature associated with this PR is enabled in:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] I have put checkmarks below confirming that the feature associated with this PR is enabled in:
```

  - [ ] Confluent Cloud prod
  - [ ] Confluent Cloud stag

>   - [ ] Confluent Cloud devel

Reviewer: I think prod is the only one we need to require here.

Author: Maybe remove the devel, keep prod and stag?

Flink team once introduced a feature that has problem in stag, but ok in prod...

  - [ ] Confluent Platform

>   - [ ] Check this box if the feature flag is enabled for certain organization only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [ ] Check this box if the feature is enabled for certain organizations only
```
I think the feature flag may not always handled on the client side, so this wording is more general. Also, plural.
